How dare he speak to Fang Daru like that?
Do you still have a brain?
That's contemporary
The picture shows the direction of Renfang Ruoshen cotton
Anyone who is not a fool
I wouldn't say that.
I think he's just been doing it for too long
I don't even know my last name
Because anything can be solved by power.
This time, Mr. Fang will definitely punish him severely
He insulted Lord Fang
It is to offend all those who read in the world
He got the book right.
It will be sent to the fire of the human genus of the world
I watch this time
Even if this prince Qin Xiulingping cares
The man who reads will also unload him and marry him
Even the old emperor couldn't save him
That offended the emperor and countless scholars
All the civil servants of the dynasty
What do you want to do?
Challenging direction in poetry
no amateur
Accumulate food
How can we do this?
Since it's a bet
Then it is realized with a stick of incense
Mr. Fang, what does His Royal Highness the Crown Prince think?
This trash, let alone a stick of incense
Give him a day and a night without a word
This time he humiliated himself
So
It depends on whether His Royal Highness can write it out
If you can't write it
I can change it to one day.
If His Royal Highness cannot write it
Delay as long as you want
The old man will accompany you to the end
Why do you need a stick of incense?
Time warp
A battlefield poem comes with a pen